{% raw %}<div xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml"><p style="border: maroon 1px solid; background-color: #FFCCCC; font-weight: bold; padding: 8px">This value set has &gt;1000 codes in it. In order to keep the publication size manageable, only a selection (1000 codes) of the whole set of codes is shown</p><p style="border: black 1px dotted; background-color: #EEEEEE; padding: 8px; margin-bottom: 8px">Expansion based on <a href="http://hl7.org/fhir/uv/ips/STU1/CodeSystem-absent-unknown-uv-ips.html">codesystem Absent and Unknown Data - IPS v1.0.0 (CodeSystem)</a></p><table class="codes"><tr><td style="white-space:nowrap"><b>Code</b></td><td><b>System</b></td><td><b>Display</b></td><td><b>Definition</b></td></tr><tr><td style="white-space:nowrap"><a name="http---hl7.org-fhir-uv-ips-CodeSystem-absent-unknown-uv-ips-no-allergy-info"> </a>  <a href="http://hl7.org/fhir/uv/ips/STU1/CodeSystem-absent-unknown-uv-ips.html#absent-unknown-uv-ips-no-allergy-info">no-allergy-info</a></td><td>http://hl7.org/fhir/uv/ips/CodeSystem/absent-unknown-uv-ips</td><td>No information about allergies</td><td><div><p>There is no information available regarding the subject's allergy conditions.</p>
</div></td></tr><tr><td style="white-space:nowrap"><a name="http---hl7.org-fhir-uv-ips-CodeSystem-absent-unknown-uv-ips-no-known-allergies"> </a>  <a href="http://hl7.org/fhir/uv/ips/STU1/CodeSystem-absent-unknown-uv-ips.html#absent-unknown-uv-ips-no-known-allergies">no-known-allergies</a></td><td>http://hl7.org/fhir/uv/ips/CodeSystem/absent-unknown-uv-ips</td><td>No known allergies</td><td><div><p>The subject has no known allergy conditions.</p>
</div></td></tr><tr><td style="white-space:nowrap"><a name="http---hl7.org-fhir-uv-ips-CodeSystem-absent-unknown-uv-ips-no-known-medication-allergies"> </a>  <a href="http://hl7.org/fhir/uv/ips/STU1/CodeSystem-absent-unknown-uv-ips.html#absent-unknown-uv-ips-no-known-medication-allergies">no-known-medication-allergies</a></td><td>http://hl7.org/fhir/uv/ips/CodeSystem/absent-unknown-uv-ips</td><td>No known medication allergies</td><td><div><p>The subject has no known medication allergy conditions.</p>
</div></td></tr><tr><td style="white-space:nowrap"><a name="http---hl7.org-fhir-uv-ips-CodeSystem-absent-unknown-uv-ips-no-known-environmental-allergies"> </a>  <a href="http://hl7.org/fhir/uv/ips/STU1/CodeSystem-absent-unknown-uv-ips.html#absent-unknown-uv-ips-no-known-environmental-allergies">no-known-environmental-allergies</a></td><td>http://hl7.org/fhir/uv/ips/CodeSystem/absent-unknown-uv-ips</td><td>No known environmental allergies</td><td><div><p>The subject has no known environmental allergy conditions.</p>
</div></td></tr><tr><td style="white-space:nowrap"><a name="http---hl7.org-fhir-uv-ips-CodeSystem-absent-unknown-uv-ips-no-known-food-allergies"> </a>  <a href="http://hl7.org/fhir/uv/ips/STU1/CodeSystem-absent-unknown-uv-ips.html#absent-unknown-uv-ips-no-known-food-allergies">no-known-food-allergies</a></td><td>http://hl7.org/fhir/uv/ips/CodeSystem/absent-unknown-uv-ips</td><td>No known food allergies</td><td><div><p>The subject has no known food allergy conditions.</p>
</div></td></tr><tr><td style="white-space:nowrap"><a name="http---hl7.org-fhir-uv-ips-CodeSystem-absent-unknown-uv-ips-no-device-info"> </a>  <a href="http://hl7.org/fhir/uv/ips/STU1/CodeSystem-absent-unknown-uv-ips.html#absent-unknown-uv-ips-no-device-info">no-device-info</a></td><td>http://hl7.org/fhir/uv/ips/CodeSystem/absent-unknown-uv-ips</td><td>No information about devices</td><td><div><p>There is no information available regarding implanted or external devices for the subject.</p>
</div></td></tr><tr><td style="white-space:nowrap"><a name="http---hl7.org-fhir-uv-ips-CodeSystem-absent-unknown-uv-ips-no-known-devices"> </a>  <a href="http://hl7.org/fhir/uv/ips/STU1/CodeSystem-absent-unknown-uv-ips.html#absent-unknown-uv-ips-no-known-devices">no-known-devices</a></td><td>http://hl7.org/fhir/uv/ips/CodeSystem/absent-unknown-uv-ips</td><td>No known devices in use</td><td><div><p>There are no devices known to be implanted in or used by the subject that have to be reported in this record. This can mean either that there are none known, or that those known are not relevant for the purpose of this record.</p>
</div></td></tr><tr><td style="white-space:nowrap"><a name="http---hl7.org-fhir-uv-ips-CodeSystem-absent-unknown-uv-ips-no-immunization-info"> </a>  <a href="http://hl7.org/fhir/uv/ips/STU1/CodeSystem-absent-unknown-uv-ips.html#absent-unknown-uv-ips-no-immunization-info">no-immunization-info</a></td><td>http://hl7.org/fhir/uv/ips/CodeSystem/absent-unknown-uv-ips</td><td>No information about immunizations</td><td><div><p>The subject's history of previous immunizations is not known.</p>
</div></td></tr><tr><td style="white-space:nowrap"><a name="http---hl7.org-fhir-uv-ips-CodeSystem-absent-unknown-uv-ips-no-known-immunizations"> </a>  <a href="http://hl7.org/fhir/uv/ips/STU1/CodeSystem-absent-unknown-uv-ips.html#absent-unknown-uv-ips-no-known-immunizations">no-known-immunizations</a></td><td>http://hl7.org/fhir/uv/ips/CodeSystem/absent-unknown-uv-ips</td><td>No known immunizations</td><td><div><p>There is no history of previous immunizations for the subject that have to be reported in this record. This can mean either that there are none known, or that those known are not relevant for the purpose of this record.</p>
</div></td></tr><tr><td style="white-space:nowrap"><a name="http---hl7.org-fhir-uv-ips-CodeSystem-absent-unknown-uv-ips-no-medication-info"> </a>  <a href="http://hl7.org/fhir/uv/ips/STU1/CodeSystem-absent-unknown-uv-ips.html#absent-unknown-uv-ips-no-medication-info">no-medication-info</a></td><td>http://hl7.org/fhir/uv/ips/CodeSystem/absent-unknown-uv-ips</td><td>No information about medications</td><td><div><p>There is no information available about the subject's medication use or administration.</p>
</div></td></tr><tr><td style="white-space:nowrap"><a name="http---hl7.org-fhir-uv-ips-CodeSystem-absent-unknown-uv-ips-no-known-medications"> </a>  <a href="http://hl7.org/fhir/uv/ips/STU1/CodeSystem-absent-unknown-uv-ips.html#absent-unknown-uv-ips-no-known-medications">no-known-medications</a></td><td>http://hl7.org/fhir/uv/ips/CodeSystem/absent-unknown-uv-ips</td><td>No known medications</td><td><div><p>There are no medications for the subject that have to be reported in this record. This can mean either that there are none known, or that those known are not relevant for the purpose of this record.</p>
</div></td></tr><tr><td style="white-space:nowrap"><a name="http---hl7.org-fhir-uv-ips-CodeSystem-absent-unknown-uv-ips-no-problem-info"> </a>  <a href="http://hl7.org/fhir/uv/ips/STU1/CodeSystem-absent-unknown-uv-ips.html#absent-unknown-uv-ips-no-problem-info">no-problem-info</a></td><td>http://hl7.org/fhir/uv/ips/CodeSystem/absent-unknown-uv-ips</td><td>No information about problems</td><td><div><p>There is no information available about the subject's health problems or disabilities.</p>
</div></td></tr><tr><td style="white-space:nowrap"><a name="http---hl7.org-fhir-uv-ips-CodeSystem-absent-unknown-uv-ips-no-known-problems"> </a>  <a href="http://hl7.org/fhir/uv/ips/STU1/CodeSystem-absent-unknown-uv-ips.html#absent-unknown-uv-ips-no-known-problems">no-known-problems</a></td><td>http://hl7.org/fhir/uv/ips/CodeSystem/absent-unknown-uv-ips</td><td>No known problems</td><td><div><p>The subject is not known to have any health problems or disabilities that have to be reported in this record. This can mean either that there are none known, or that those known are not relevant for the purpose of this record.</p>
</div></td></tr><tr><td style="white-space:nowrap"><a name="http---hl7.org-fhir-uv-ips-CodeSystem-absent-unknown-uv-ips-no-procedure-info"> </a>  <a href="http://hl7.org/fhir/uv/ips/STU1/CodeSystem-absent-unknown-uv-ips.html#absent-unknown-uv-ips-no-procedure-info">no-procedure-info</a></td><td>http://hl7.org/fhir/uv/ips/CodeSystem/absent-unknown-uv-ips</td><td>No information about past history of procedures</td><td><div><p>There is no information available about the subject's past history of procedures.</p>
</div></td></tr><tr><td style="white-space:nowrap"><a name="http---hl7.org-fhir-uv-ips-CodeSystem-absent-unknown-uv-ips-no-known-procedures"> </a>  <a href="http://hl7.org/fhir/uv/ips/STU1/CodeSystem-absent-unknown-uv-ips.html#absent-unknown-uv-ips-no-known-procedures">no-known-procedures</a></td><td>http://hl7.org/fhir/uv/ips/CodeSystem/absent-unknown-uv-ips</td><td>No known procedures</td><td><div><p>The subject has no history of procedures that have to be reported in this record. This can mean either that there are none known, or that those known are not relevant for the purpose of this record.</p>
</div></td></tr></table></div>{% endraw %}